Shangjing Chen Family
Legend has it that one of the Zhongshan Daxunkun families
The Chen family at the top of the building
Why did he come to Shangjing Chen's house?
That's a giant thing at the top of the pyramid.
It turns out that Chen Bufan is Chen Dazhao
Back then, both inside and outside the court were against the Supreme
Only the source of his righteousness
This young master of the Chen family has a marriage contract with General Cha
How could he possibly plead for another woman?
Sorry.
Chen Bufan, why are you here?
Mr. Xue
The empress of Beijing owes me a favor
Give me face
Listen to Master Chen
Why didn't he just say a few words for the empress when the empress of Beijing finished her worship?
Do you still want the empress to forgive a person who has never had anything to do with the Chen family because of this little kindness?
Yeah, why, why?
Ah why do you
Why?
Why, why, why?
Since he is my wife of Chen Bufan
The future mistress of the Chen family in Shangjing
Is he enough?